Adding document to refactor send flow (#6003)
MetaMask/metamask-mobile: docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/README.md

- [/Views/Send](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/tree/main/app/components/Views/Send)

### Folder Structure
Currently above two views have confusing folder structure and component name. We should make it more clear and understandable.

<img src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/send_view_structure.png?raw=true" width="150"/>

Proposed folder structure:
```
   - Send
        - Amount
        - Confirm
        - index.tsx
        - Send.tsx
        - Send.test.tsx
   - SendTo
        - AddressElement
        - AddressInputs
        - AddressList
        - ErrorMessage
        - WarningMessage
        - index.tsx
        - SendTo.tsx
        - SendTo.test.tsx
```
There will be more components added to the list above as we do refactoring.

### SendTo Component
[/Views/SendFlow/SendTo](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/tree/main/app/components/Views/SendFlow/SendTo) is responsible to render following send page:

<img src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/send_to.png?raw=true" width="150"/>

> The component is taking care to do following:

Reviewer: These seems to be UI components and maybe should be in the UI directory instead of Views?

Author: Yes 👍

Author: Let me add this point to doc also.

- Render different errors / warnings

    <img src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/send_warnings.png?raw=true" width="150"/>

    All of above concerns should be moved into small independent components which can be well tested.

### Send Component
[/Views/Send](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/tree/main/app/components/Views/Send) component is responsible to render following 2 pages:

<img src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/send_amount.png?raw=true" width="150"/>

<img src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/send_confirm.png?raw=true" width="150"/>

#### Amount Page
Amount page is rendered by [/Views/SendFlow/Amount](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/tree/main/app/components/Views/SendFlow/Amount) component. The page is again quite huge and taking care of 2 different inputs:

- token amount input
- asset input

These can be broken down into different components to reduce complexity of this component.

> Additionally the components has a lot of different transaction / gas related methods defined in it, these should be converted(fully or partially) into re-uable utility methods or hooks. Here is a list of the methods I could find but there will be more to it:

Reviewer: It'll seem that some of these methods are only used once in the code, moving them will help reduce code length if this is what we are going for? Wdyt?

Author: Yep that is reason I mentioned `fully or partially` some are fully re-usable and some can be broken down to extract out re-usable logic.

### Send Component

[/Views/Send](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/tree/main/app/components/Views/Send) component is responsible to render following 2 pages:

1. Transaction amount is entered:
   <img src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/send_amount.png?raw=true" width="150"/>

2. Transactionis confirmed:
   <img src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/send_confirm.png?raw=true" width="150"/>

#### Amount Page

Amount page is rendered by [/Views/SendFlow/Amount](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/tree/main/app/components/Views/SendFlow/Amount) component. The page is again quite huge and taking care of 2 different categories inputs:

- token amount input
- asset input

These can be broken down into 2 different components to reduce complexity of this component.

> Additionally the components has a lot of different transaction / gas related methods defined in it, these should be converted(fully or partially) into re-uable utility methods or hooks. A function not requiring state changes can be made a utility method, function more closely tied to state change should be hook. Here is a list of the methods I could find but there will be more to it:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally the components has a lot of different transaction / gas related methods defined in it, these should be converted(fully or partially) into reusable utility methods or hooks. A function not requiring state changes can be made a utility method, function more closely tied to state change should be hook. Here is a list of the methods I could find but there will be more to it:
```

#### Confirm Page

Confirm page is rendered by [/Views/SendFlow/Confirm](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/tree/main/app/components/Views/SendFlow/Confirm) component.

This component is again taking care to render a lot of different sections of the page. These should be extracted out into smaller well tested sub-components:

1. Address from / to section:

   There is already a [PR](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/pull/5900) to extract this out into a separate component.

   <img src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/send_confirm_address.png?raw=true" width="150"/>

2. Gas EIP-1559 modal:

<img src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/send_confirm_gas.png?raw=true" width="150"/>

3. Legacy Gas modal
4. Custom Nonce modal
5. Hex Data modal
6. Transaction Info:

<img src="https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/docs/confirmation-refactoring/send/send_confirm_info.png?raw=true" width="150"/>

> The component also has a lot of different transaction / gas related methods defined in it, these should be converted (fully or partially) into re-uable utility methods or hooks:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The component also has a lot of different transaction / gas related methods defined in it; these should be converted (fully or partially) into reusable utility methods or hooks:
```

5. Function [getBalanceError](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/de80215b19337e45c8dee5d492645d3ff899822e/app/components/Views/SendFlow/Confirm/index.js#L816)
6. Functions [buyEth](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/de80215b19337e45c8dee5d492645d3ff899822e/app/components/Views/SendFlow/Confirm/index.js#L1096), [goToFaucet](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/de80215b19337e45c8dee5d492645d3ff899822e/app/components/Views/SendFlow/Confirm/index.js#L1108)
7. Logic to validate transaction [here](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/de80215b19337e45c8dee5d492645d3ff899822e/app/components/Views/SendFlow/Confirm/index.js#L638)
8. Function [checkRemoveCollectible](https://github.com/MetaMask/metamask-mobile/blob/send_architectural_doc/app/components/Views/SendFlow/Confirm/index.js#L666)

#### Other refactoring areas:

1. A lot of components have logic to update NarBar defined as:
   ```
   componentDidUpdate = () => {
       this.updateNavBar();
   };
   ```
   As we make components functional this can be converted to a tested re-usable hook used across all the components.

> 2. Code to start / stop gas polling is used at few places, it can be converted to re-usable hoo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Code to start / stop gas polling is used at a few places; it can be converted to a re-usable hook.
```
